but um
if you don't hit these super rich
then they will use their enormous
incomes
to buy your assets and that is what
you're seeing they'll squeeze you out
what we're seeing increasingly the
middle class being squeezed out now i
know and i want you to think if you if
you own a million pound house even if
you're in a 600 000 pound house
i want you to think
what are your kids going to do
how are they on you know regular income
is 30 40 000 pounds you know
how are they going to buy a house when
houses cost 600 000 pounds you know what
i mean are they all going to live in
your house forever you know
you know this is
the situation we are in is that
ordinary people in this country ordinary
families who do have wealth are losing
their wealth
year after year generation after
generation to the rich and if that is
allowed to continue and and then they
are paying higher rates of tax in their
rich teeth if that is allowed to
continue then it is inevitable that we
will see
broad increase and we will eventually
reach a place of mass poverty in this
country which we within 100 years ago